CodeParrot data pretokenization (#16932)
huggingface/transformers: examples/research_projects/codeparrot/README.md

```
During preprocessing the dataset is downloaded and stored locally as well as caches of the computations. Make sure you have more than 500GB free disk space to execute it.

### Pretokenization

> The tokenization of the data might be slow during the training especially for small models. We provide code to pretokenize the data beforehand in `scripts/pretokenizing.py`, but we mention that this step is optional. The dataset is downloaded and stored locally but the tokenized data is directly pushed to the hub. The tokenized clean [train](https://huggingface.co/datasets/loubnabnl/tokenized-codeparrot-train) and [validation](https://huggingface.co/datasets/loubnabnl/tokenized-codeparrot-valid) datasets are available if you want to use them directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tokenization of the data might be slow during the training especially for small models. We provide code to pretokenize the data beforehand in `scripts/pretokenizing.py`, but this step is optional. The dataset is downloaded and stored locally and the tokenized data is pushed to the hub. The tokenized clean [train](https://huggingface.co/datasets/loubnabnl/tokenized-codeparrot-train) and [validation](https://huggingface.co/datasets/loubnabnl/tokenized-codeparrot-valid) datasets are available if you want to use them directly.
```

> 

Reviewer: Can you also add a note to the training section how to leverage the pretokenized data?

To execute the pretokenization, for the clean train data for instance, run the following command:
```bash
python scripts/pretokenizing.py \
--dataset_name lvwerra/codeparrot-clean-train \

> --tokenized_data_repo <your Hugging Face hub username>/tokenized-codeparrot-train

Reviewer: If no username is supplied then it always pushes to your own account. No need to do this explicitly.

```suggestion
--tokenized_data_repo tokenized-codeparrot-train
```

```
This will initialize a new model with the architecture and configuration of `gpt2-large` and use the tokenizer to appropriately size the input embeddings. Finally, the initilaized model is pushed the the hub.

> For the dataset we can either use the preprocessed text data or the pretokenized data to speed up the training a little.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can either pass the name of a text dataset or a pretokenized dataset which speeds up training a bit.
```
